docs/overview.md, before:

# All steps

Most of these steps should be self explanatory. On the [examples
page](examples.md) you can see more information abouth the steps.

## Given
- `#!gherkin Given I am on the homepage`
- `#!gherkin Given I am on "/subpage/"`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a <device>`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a window size of <height>x<width>`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using an extra small device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a small device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a medium device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a large small device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using an extra large device`

## When
- `#!gherkin When I go to the homepage`
- `#!gherkin When I reload the page`
- `#!gherkin When I move backward one page`
- `#!gherkin When I move forward one page`
- `#!gherkin When I go to "/subpage/"`
- `#!gherkin When I press "button-with-id"`
- `#!gherkin When I move my mouse to "Move mouse here"`
- `#!gherkin When I type in field "field-name" the value "the-value"`
- `#!gherkin When I fill in the following:` (multi-line, see examples)

## Then
- `#!gherkin Then I should see "Content - 1"`
- `#!gherkin Then the checkbox "checkbox-1" is checked`
- `#!gherkin Then the checkbox "checkbox-1" is not checked`
- `#!gherkin Then the radiobutton "radio-1" is checked`
- `#!gherkin Then the radiobutton "radio-2" is not checked`

Commit message:

Add `When I wait for x seconds` step

docs/overview.md, after:

# All steps

Most of these steps should be self explanatory. On the [examples
page](examples.md) you can see more information abouth the steps.

## Given
- `#!gherkin Given I am on the homepage`
- `#!gherkin Given I am on "/subpage/"`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a <device>`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a window size of <height>x<width>`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using an extra small device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a small device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a medium device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using a large small device`
- `#!gherkin Given I am using an extra large device`

## When
- `#!gherkin When I go to the homepage`
- `#!gherkin When I reload the page`
- `#!gherkin When I move backward one page`
- `#!gherkin When I move forward one page`
- `#!gherkin When I go to "/subpage/"`
- `#!gherkin When I press "button-with-id"`
- `#!gherkin When I move my mouse to "Move mouse here"`
- `#!gherkin When I type in field "field-name" the value "the-value"`
- `#!gherkin When I wait for 1 second`
- `#!gherkin When I wait for <number> seconds`
- `#!gherkin When I fill in the following:` (multi-line, see examples)

## Then
- `#!gherkin Then I should see "Content - 1"`
- `#!gherkin Then the checkbox "checkbox-1" is checked`
- `#!gherkin Then the checkbox "checkbox-1" is not checked`
- `#!gherkin Then the radiobutton "radio-1" is checked`
- `#!gherkin Then the radiobutton "radio-2" is not checked`
